Describe middleware (#2004)
reimagined/resolve: docs/api/middleware.md

| ----------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| middlewareContext | Contains data that describes the currently processed operation.                                       |
| state             | The state object built by the aggregate [projection](../write-side.md#aggregate-projection-function). |
| command           | An object that contains data about the incoming command.                                              |
| context           | The command [context](command-handler.md#context) object.                                             |

### middlewareContext

A command middleware handler's `middlewareContext` argument is an object with the following fields:

| Field Name | Description                                                     |
| ---------- | --------------------------------------------------------------- |
| req        | Stores data that describes the currently processed HTTP request |
| res        | Contains function used to configure the server's response       |

> Both `req` and `res` fields are included only if the command arrives from a client. If the command is generated on the server (for example, by a saga or API handler), these fields are omitted.

Author: Can I change "returns" to "sends"? I think, it sounnds more technically correct.

> Both `req` and `res` fields are included only if the command arrives from a client. If the command is generated on the server (for example, by a saga or API handler), these fields are omitted.

Reviewer: Okay, sounds good.

```suggestion
Both `req` and `res` fields are included only if the client sends the command. If the command is generated on the server (for example, by a saga or API handler), these fields are omitted.
```
